Add Tier CRD doc (#1260)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/network-policy.md

**Note**: K8s NetworkPolicies will be enforced once all tiers have been
enforced.

### Tier CRDs

Creating Tiers as CRDs allows users the flexibility to create and delete
Tiers as per their preference i.e. not be bound to 5 static tiering options
as was the case initially.

An example Tier might look like this:
```yaml
apiVersion: security.antrea.tanzu.vmware.com/v1alpha1
kind: Tier
metadata:
  name: mytier
spec:

>     priority: 10

Reviewer: extra indent here?

Author: udpated

    description: "my custom tier"
```

Tiers have the following characteristics:
- Policies can associate themselves with an existing Tier by setting the `tier`
  field in a Antrea NetworkPolicy CRD spec to the Tier's name.
- A Tier must exist before an Antrea policy can reference it.
- Policies associated with higher ordered (low `priority` value) Tiers are
  enforced first.

> - No two Tiers can be created with overlapping priorities.

Reviewer: nit: since for each Tier the priority is a number rather than a range, I don't feel `overlapping` makes sense here... how about `No two Tiers can be created with the same priority`?

Author: updated

- Updating the Tier's `priority` field is unsupported.
- Deleting Tier with existing references from policies is not allowed.

> On startup, antrea-controller will create 5 Tier resources corresponding to

Reviewer: Should we mention those tiers being read-only?

Author: updated

**Note**: K8s NetworkPolicies will be enforced once all tiers have been
enforced.

### Tier CRDs

Creating Tiers as CRDs allows users the flexibility to create and delete
Tiers as per their preference i.e. not be bound to 5 static tiering options
as was the case initially.

An example Tier might look like this:

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: empty line before the code block

Author: done

apiVersion: security.antrea.tanzu.vmware.com/v1alpha1
kind: Tier
metadata:
  name: mytier
spec:
  priority: 10
  description: "my custom tier"
```

Tiers have the following characteristics:

> - Policies can associate themselves with an existing Tier by setting the `tier`

Reviewer 2: may want to add an empty line before the first list item so that it renders correctly on the website

Author: done

  field in a Antrea NetworkPolicy CRD spec to the Tier's name.
- A Tier must exist before an Antrea policy can reference it.
- Policies associated with higher ordered (low `priority` value) Tiers are
  enforced first.

> - No two Tiers can be created with same priorities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No two Tiers can be created with the same priority.
```

Author: done

- Updating the Tier's `priority` field is unsupported.
- Deleting Tier with existing references from policies is not allowed.

> - Deleting system generated Tier resources is not allowed.

Reviewer 2: "system-generated tier" is not defined anywhere, so you may clarify that you mean the 5 tiers described below

On startup, antrea-controller will create 5 Read-Only Tier resources

> corresponding to the static tiers for default consumption as shown below.

Reviewer 2: the order is a bit awkward since this text comes before you introduce static tiers

I think this section should not mention static tiers at all and you should group all the information about the deprecated static tiers in the `Static tier` section below, including this information:

> Any Antrea policy CRD referencing a static tier in its spec will now internally
reference the corresponding Tier resource, thus maintaining the order of
enforcement.

Author: updated

### Ordering based on Tier priority

With the introduction of tiers, Antrea Policies, like ClusterNetworkPolicies,
are first enforced based on the Tier to which they are associated. i.e. all
policies belonging to a higher order Tier are enforced first, followed by
policies belonging to the next ordered Tier and so on, until the lowest ordered

> "application" Tier policies are enforced.

Reviewer 2: you sometimes write "higher order tier" / sometimes "higher ordered tier". I would say the "order" / "ordered" is not needed here: "high Tier", "lowest Tier", "next Tier", etc. convey the meaning pretty well.

Author: done
